You (Help Desk): "Hi there, you've reached the Kocho IT Help Desk. My name is [Your Name]. Can I start by getting your full name and department, please?"

(Pause for the AI to respond with "Anna Webb, Global Cyber Security Operations.")

You (Help Desk): "Okay, thanks, Anna. I see you here in the system. How can I help you today?"

(Pause for the AI to explain she has lost her phone and needs a password and MFA reset.)

You (Help Desk): "Ah, okay, losing a phone is always stressful, but we can definitely get that sorted for you. Since you can't use your MFA for verification, I'll need to ask you a few security questions to confirm your identity. Is that okay?"

(Pause for the AI to agree.)

You (Help Desk): "Great. Let's start with an easy one. Can you please confirm your date of birth?"

(Pause for the AI to provide the date of birth: 1st January 1985.)

You (Help Desk): "Thank you. And for the next question, what was the name of your first pet?"

(Pause for the AI to provide the pet's name: James Bond.)

You (Help Desk): "Okay, and just one more for security. Can you tell me your mother's maiden name?"

(Pause for the AI to provide the maiden name: Skywalker.)

You (Help Desk): "Perfect, that all matches what we have on file. I understand you're in a bit of a rush, I'll get this processed for you right away."

(This line is a key part of the demo, showing how social pressure and perceived authority can influence a help desk agent.)

You (Help Desk): "Okay, I've just reset your password. Your temporary password is 'Catdog2024!' with an exclamation mark at the end. You'll be prompted to change it on your next login."

(Pause for the AI to acknowledge.)

You (Help Desk): "No problem. Goodbye"

(Let the AI finish the conversation and then you can end the call.)

### Talking Points ### 

- Everyone here can probably tell there's something off with the voice. Some of you may even know Anna, but everything here is cloned from publicly available audio of her. We haven't recorded anything in private, all of this is from sources available to yourself. 

- I've of course changed some of the information about Anna here to not completely dox her, she may well have a Goldfish named James Bond - it wouldn't surprise me in the slightest, I can't imagine that goldfish would like it shaken or stirred though. 

- The point here really is though - would this convince someone on a Service Desk, is it close enough and does it know enough? We can feed the LLM Powering the responses any information, we could scour LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Blog Posts - if any of her network, friends, family shared information, pictures or anything - we can train our model on it, use it to become her. Think about what's shared but empower your employees to ask difficult questions.